{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16960\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 Axis
\b0 \uc0\u8232 An individual axis object.\u8232 \

\b show
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Wether to display the axis on the graph.\u8232 
\b tickRenderer
\b0 \uc0\u8232 A class of a rendering engine for creating the ticks labels displayed on the plot, See $.jqplot.AxisTickRenderer.\u8232 
\b tickOptions
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Options that will be passed to the tickRenderer, see $.jqplot.AxisTickRenderer options.\u8232 
\b labelRenderer
\b0 \uc0\u8232 A class of a rendering engine for creating an axis label.\u8232 
\b labelOptions
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Options passed to the label renderer.\u8232 
\b label
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Label for the axis\u8232 
\b showLabel
\b0 \uc0\u8232 true to show the axis label.\u8232 
\b ticks
\b0 \uc0\u8232 1D [val, val, ...] or 2D [[val, label], [val, label], ...] array of ticks for the axis.\u8232 
\b renderer
\b0 \uc0\u8232 A class of a rendering engine that handles tick generation, scaling input data to pixel grid units and drawing the axis element.\u8232 
\b rendererOptions
\b0 \uc0\u8232 renderer specific options.\u8232 
\b borderWidth
\b0 \uc0\u8232 width of line stroked at the border of the axis.\u8232 
\b borderColor
\b0 \uc0\u8232 color of the border adjacent to the axis.\u8232 
\b tickSpacing
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Approximate pixel spacing between ticks on graph.\

\b Legend
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\b show
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Wether to display the legend on the graph.\u8232 
\b location
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Placement of the legend.\u8232 
\b labels
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Array of labels to use.\u8232 
\b showLabels
\b0 \uc0\u8232 true to show the label text on the legend.\u8232 
\b showSwatch
\b0 \uc0\u8232 true to show the color swatches on the legend.\u8232 
\b placement
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \'93insideGrid\'94 places legend inside the grid area of the plot.border\u8232 css spec for the border around the legend box.\u8232 
\b background
\b0 \uc0\u8232 css spec for the background of the legend box.\u8232 
\b textColor
\b0 \uc0\u8232 css color spec for the legend text.\u8232 
\b fontFamily
\b0 \uc0\u8232 css font-family spec for the legend text.\u8232 
\b fontSize
\b0 \uc0\u8232 css font-size spec for the legend text.\u8232 
\b rowSpacing
\b0 \uc0\u8232 css padding-top spec for the rows in the legend.\u8232 
\b rendererOptions
\b0 \uc0\u8232 renderer specific options passed to the renderer.\u8232 
\b predraw
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Wether to draw the legend before the series or not.\u8232 
\b marginTop
\b0 \uc0\u8232 CSS margin for the legend DOM element.\u8232 
\b marginRight
\b0 \uc0\u8232 CSS margin for the legend DOM element.\u8232 
\b marginBottom
\b0 \uc0\u8232 CSS margin for the legend DOM element.\u8232 
\b marginLeft
\b0 \uc0\u8232 CSS margin for the legend DOM element.\
\

\b Title
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\b text
\b0 \uc0\u8232 text of the title;\u8232 
\b show
\b0 \uc0\u8232 wether or not to show the title\u8232 
\b fontFamily
\b0 \uc0\u8232 css font-family spec for the text.\u8232 
\b fontSize
\b0 \uc0\u8232 css font-size spec for the text.\u8232 
\b textAlign
\b0 \uc0\u8232 css text-align spec for the text.\u8232 
\b textColor
\b0 \uc0\u8232 css color spec for the text.\u8232 
\b renderer
\b0 \uc0\u8232 A class for creating a DOM element for the title, see $.jqplot.DivTitleRenderer.\u8232 
\b rendererOptions
\b0 \uc0\u8232 renderer specific options passed to the renderer.\

\b Series
\b0 \uc0\u8232 An individual data series object.\u8232 
\b Properties
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Properties will be assigned from a series array at the top level of the options.\u8232 
\b show
\b0 \uc0\u8232 wether or not to draw the series.\u8232 
\b xaxis
\b0 \uc0\u8232 which x axis to use with this series, either \'91xaxis\'92 or \'91x2axis\'92.\u8232 
\b yaxis
\b0 \uc0\u8232 which y axis to use with this series, either \'91yaxis\'92 or \'91y2axis\'92.\u8232 
\b renderer
\b0 \uc0\u8232 A class of a renderer which will draw the series, see $.jqplot.LineRenderer.\u8232 
\b rendererOptions
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Options to pass on to the renderer.\u8232 
\b label
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Line label to use in the legend.\u8232 
\b showLabel
\b0 \uc0\u8232 true to show label for this series in the legend.\u8232 
\b color
\b0 \uc0\u8232 css color spec for the series\u8232 
\b lineWidth
\b0 \uc0\u8232 width of the line in pixels.\u8232 
\b shadow
\b0 \uc0\u8232 wether or not to draw a shadow on the line\u8232 
\b markerRenderer
\b0 \uc0\u8232 A class of a renderer which will draw marker (e.g.\u8232 
\b markerOptions
\b0 \uc0\u8232 renderer specific options to pass to the markerRenderer, see $.jqplot.MarkerRenderer.\u8232 
\b showLine
\b0 \uc0\u8232 wether to actually draw the line or not.\u8232 
\b showMarker
\b0 \uc0\u8232 wether or not to show the markers at the data points.\u8232 
\b index
\b0 \uc0\u8232 0 based index of this series in the plot series array.\u8232 
\b fill
\b0 \uc0\u8232 true or false, wether to fill under lines or in bars.\u8232 
\b fillColor
\b0 \uc0\u8232 CSS color spec to use for fill under line.\u8232 
\b fillAxis
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Either \'91x\'92 or \'91y\'92.\
\

\b Grid
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\b drawGridlines
\b0 \uc0\u8232 wether to draw the gridlines on the plot.\u8232 
\b gridLineColor
\b0 \uc0\u8232 color of the grid lines.\u8232 
\b gridLineWidth
\b0 \uc0\u8232 width of the grid lines.\u8232 
\b background
\b0 \uc0\u8232 css spec for the background color.\u8232 
\b borderColor
\b0 \uc0\u8232 css spec for the color of the grid border.\u8232 
\b borderWidth
\b0 \uc0\u8232 width of the border in pixels.\u8232 
\b drawBorder
\b0 \uc0\u8232 True to draw border around grid.\u8232 
\b shadow
\b0 \uc0\u8232 wether to show a shadow behind the grid.\u8232 
\b renderer
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Instance of a renderer which will actually render the grid, see $.jqplot.CanvasGridRenderer.\u8232 
\b rendererOptions
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Options to pass on to the renderer, see $.jqplot.CanvasGridRenderer.\
}